STORYBOARDING FOR GAME, FANTASY SETTING:
POWER SYSTEM:The world is in decline since the magus (wizards) began going rouge, and abandoned their disciplined duties and values in favor of themselves, or as they say “their works and studies” of course many have their opinions and motives for going crazy. Essentially they used to be a monk like class in discipline, but after the “enlightenment” they gradually became seeking what they wanted. This is like the enlightenment in Europe during the 14th to 17th century, it wasn’t a single event, though many events did occur during this time, but a gradual shift in the way of thinking (reason yet to be known). Wizards are powerful people (1 in a million), who in real world terms, would be as powerful as a nuke, nations count wizards as important variables in wars, and civil affairs, in which they may choose in their role. For example, the average nation may have 10 wizards, 1 can be allocated to disease protection when a plague hits, in which the wizard would travel towards the place and inflict a cleansing aura to protect inhabitants from sickness. There may be a few war wizards, a navy wizard for example would manage to create massive tsunamis and waves, a fire wizard may be able to summon a fireball as large as a nuke, an infantry and logistics wizard may be able to create massive trenches and walls from stone, and manipulate mud to change landscapes. There may be a wizard of vision, to oversee a cities actions and inhabitants, etc. the world is in different stages for different people, and Is roughly twice as large (there may be a lore reason) but has the same gravity, (this means the total area of the world is 4x larger), for example, a nation may be technologically advanced to the steam age and industrial revolution, this may be due to the lack of wizards(for some reason), creating a need for more technology, this happened to the british with their need to pump water out of coal mines creating engines, this is all a result of scarcity. Magus may be able to change their spells, but they must hone them and study extensively, around the numbers of 12 to 18 hours a day of studying and revising, to caste incantations they must learn very specific code, it is not easy. Magus have subjects known as maugur, they are imbedded with spells sometime in their life, and they pledge allegiance to the mages (typically) just as a squire may to a knight, but they are often times more focused on one ability or function (that may not even be useful to the maugur himself), for example, one of them may violently explode on death. One of them may be able to consume and digest anything, one of them may be able to rebirth upon death becoming younger, when reaching zero ceasing to exist, one may be physically enhanced, through denser bones, stronger muscles, a bigger heart and vessels, and many more, one may be granted greater memory. These maugur may be bred like animals to cross traits, for example, the self-exploding and rebirthing maugur may be bred to explode and return on death. A magus’s wand will grow throughout its use into a staff. There are many circles in which magus may ask for earthly requests, many of even the magus do not know how. These circles allow for the magus to communicate with the 9 primordials of wizardry, 9 figures most secret to the highest order and degree of magus. These 9 figures lay far under the ground keeping the earth stable and granting power to those who cite their codes and scrolls, they keep the earth together through gravity, while preventing it from being crushed, they can influence the shift of continents, change tides, and influence rain, nobody knowns where they came from. If a magus recites a certain code/ favor, the primordials may respond, for example, a magus may recite an earthquake favor near a certain area, and that will happen. Unknown to everyone and anyone, the primordials have a role in chaining a great colossal beast from the earth, these figures under the earth stand next to eachother, seemingly dead, their arms replace with chains, hold the beast from being unleashed upon the earth (current idea of the beast is a 100 kilometer eyeless snake), but no one knows or even theorized about this.LORE AND BACKGROUND:These primordials are dead, and the reason they can still influence the world is through the sheer amount of energy that they possess, they were once the highest degree of magus. Some, with the flick of the finger, could cut an entire castle into millions of pieces with the same difficulty as breathing. There power is unspoken off. This beast is called the wyrm, but it was not born the wyrm, it was an young boy who had been beaten and oppressed all his life, and was born from a mother beaten to death by a drunkard father. He had no status or standing among the people, one day he was being chased by bullies into a forest, he got away, but had had enough of his life. He saw a snake on the floor, so he decided to let it bite
he died. Shortly after the snake entered his mouth, crawled through his guts and wrapped around his heart and feasted on his negative energy, he supernaturally grew to unprecedented lengths, it reined terror on the people and laid eggs in various placed, through a long battle the 9 magus trapped it under the ground  but not before covering the 4 eggs in large lakes of ice.The daelish kingdom should have the culture of 14th century britian, and moderate amount of wizards, its goals are to invade glot and the gwald dynasty, glot was founded from a rebellious group of wizards, and the gwald dynasty came from an increasingly powerful family known as the gwald, so they founded their own province, glot has only 1 drunkard attention seeking wizard.
